This is a z-push backend connector for open-xchange. It uses the open-xchange 
AJAX API for communication. THE CONNECTOR IS CONSIDERED EXPERIMENTAL, SO USE 
IT AT YOUR OWN RISK. IT MIGHT DAMAGE YOUR DATA, SO PLEASE USE A TEST ACCOUNT
FIRST. It is capable of syncing contacts as well as appointments and tasks.
Mails are not supported, because you may use IMAP for this. The connector was
tested heavily with nokia devices and mail for exchange in different versions.


Installation
------------
Just copy the ox.php to your z-push/backend directory and make sure that the
webserver is allowed to read the file.

Additionally the backend needs 2 pear modules: HTTP_Request and Services_JSON.
You may install them using the package manager of your distribution. Please 
see the documentation of your distribution on how to search for and install
packages. If the modules are not available for your distribution you may
install them directly via php pear:

pear install HTTP_Request
pear install Services_JSON


Configuration
-------------
Configuration is done through config.php. 

First of all you have to disable device provisioning:
define('PROVISIONING', false);


The following two settings are mandatory. 

Change the backend provider to ox.
$BACKEND_PROVIDER = "BackendOX";

The next thing to define is the URL which points to the ajax directory of your
open-xchange installation.
define("OX_URL", "https://your.server.tld/ajax");


The following settings are optional.

Normally every folders is presented to the device, with this setting it is
possible to filter folders based on their type. For example setting this to
1 means only sync private folders, but no public folders. You may set mutiple
folder types seperated by ",". 
See http://oxpedia.org/wiki/index.php?title=HTTP_API#Module_.22folders.22 for 
a description of the different folder types (ID 302).
define("OX_FILTER_FOLDERTYPES", "1,2");

Normally every folder is presented to the device, with this setting it is
possible to filter folders based on their ids. This is useful for nokia
devices, as mail for exchange seems to only sync the first contact folder
it finds. This might be another folder then you expect. You may set multiple
folders seperated by ",". 
define("OX_FILTER_FOLDERIDS", "25,26,27");

With this setting you are able to see the JSON requests which are sent and 
received. Possible values are 0 or 1.
define("OX_DEBUG", 0);


Not working
-----------

General:
- categories are not supported by z-push

Contacts:
- picture


Known Bugs
----------
Contacts:
- title does not work (Bug in z-push?)

- imaddress does not work on nokia
- officelocation does not work on nokia

- customerid - not supported by OX
- governmentid - not supported by OX
- imaddress3 - not supported by OX
- accountname - not supported by OX
- mms - not supported by OX
